----
1
syntax error
Turn Right
----
2
syntax error
go right

----
3
syntax error
go left
----
4
syntax error
go left;
----
5
syntax error
3 times right 
4 times down
3 times left
2 times down
----
6
syntax error
right
----
7
syntax error
move right 
----
8
syntax error
move right 4

----
9
syntax error
Turn Right
Move 3 Steps
Turn Right
Move 4 Steps
Turn Left 
Move 3 Steps 
Turn Right
Move 2 Steps
----
10
syntax error
turn right
move 4
turn down

----
11
syntax error
Go 2 steps left
Go 1 step 
----
12
syntax error
turn=right
----
13
syntax error
turn right
move 4
turn down

----
14
syntax error
turn Right
move 3 Steps
turn Right
move 4 Steps
turn Left 
move 3 Steps 
turn Right
move 2 Steps
----
15
syntax error
TURN LEFT
MOVE 3
TURN RIGHT

----
16
syntax error
TURN LEFT
MOVE 3
TURN RIGHT

----
17
syntax error
turn left
move3tiles
turn right 
go 4 tiles
----
18
syntax error
TURN LEFT
MOVE 3
TURN RIGHT

----
19
syntax error

turn right 
go 4 tiles
----
20
syntax error
turn right
move 3 steps
turn right
move 4 steps
turn left 
move 3 steps 
turn right
move 2 steps
----
21
syntax error
TURN RIGHT
TURN DOWN
TURN RIGHT
TURN DOWN


----
22
syntax error
turn right
move 3 steps
turn right
move 4 steps
turn left 
move 3 steps 
turn right
move 2 steps
----
23
syntax error
turn left
move 3 
turn south 
move 4 
----
24
syntax error
turn left
move 3
turn right
move 4
turn left
move 3
turn right 
move 2
sumbit
----
25
unexpected error
turn left
move 3
turn right
move 4
turn left
move 3 
turn right
move 2
submit
----
26
syntax error
turn right
move 3 steps
turn right
move 4 steps
turn left 
move 3 steps 
turn right
move 2 steps
submit
----
27
syntax error
turn right
 move by 3
 turn down
 
----
28
syntax error
turn right
 move 3
 turn down
 
----
29
syntax error
turn left
move 3
turn right
move 4
turn left
move 3
turn right 
move 2
sumbit 
----
30
syntax error
turn left
move 3
turn right
move 4
turn left
move 3
turn right 
move 2
sumbit
----
31
syntax error
turn left
move 3
turn right
move 4
turn left
move 3 
turn right
move 2
sumbmit
----
32
syntax error
turn left
move 3
turn right
move 4
turn left
move 3 
turn down
----
33
syntax error
turn right
move 3 step
turn right
move 4 steps
turn left
move 3 steps
turn right
move 2 steps
sumbbit
----
34
syntax error
turn right
move 3 step
turn right
move 4 steps
turn left
move 3 steps
turn right
move 2 steps
submit
----
35
syntax error
turn left
move 3
turn right
move 4
turn left
move 3 
turn right
move 2 
sumbit
----
36
syntax error
turn right
move 3 step
turn right
move 4 steps
turn left
move 3 steps
turn right
move 2 steps
submit
----
37
syntax error
turn left
move 3
turn right
move 4
turn left
move 3 
turn right
move 2 
sumbit
----
38
syntax error
turn left
move 3
turn right
move 4
turn left
move 3 
turn right
move 2 
sumbit
----
39
syntax error
turn left 
move 2
turn right
move 2
sumbit
----
40
syntax error
turn left 
move 2
turn  rigth 
move 1


----
41
syntax error
turn left
move 4
sumbit
----
42
unexpected error
move 1
turn left
move 1 
turn right
move 3 
turn left
move 4 
turn right
move 1
turn left 
move 2
submit
----
43
syntax error
move 1
turn left
move 3
turn left
move 1
turn right
move 
----
44
syntax error
move 1
turn left
move 3
turn left
move 1
turn right
move 
----
45
syntax error
move 1
turn left
move 3
turn left
move 1
turn right
move 
----
46
syntax error
move left
move 4 steps
----
47
syntax error
move 7
submit

----
48
syntax error
move 7
submit

----
49
syntax error
turn left 
move 4 
turn right 
move 3
trun left
move 4
----
50
syntax error
turn
move(1)



----
51
syntax error
turn
move 1



----
52
syntax error
turn left
move 4
turn right
move 3
turn right
move 4
sumit
----
53
syntax error
move 1 
count
----
54
syntax error
trun right 
move 3 
trun right 
move 4

----
55
syntax error
trun right 
move 3 
trun right 
move 4

----
56
syntax error
mmove 2

----
57
syntax error
move 2
trun left 
----
58
syntax error
move 2
trun right 


----
59
syntax error
print hello
----
60
syntax error
move 5 
trun right 

----
61
syntax error
move 2
trun right 
move 2 

----
62
syntax error
move 8
print all of the coins
----
63
syntax error
move 1
print the number of coins
----
64
syntax error
move 1 
print the number of coins
move 2 
print the number of coins
move 3
print the number of coins
----
65
syntax error
move 1
print number in coins
----
66
syntax error
move 1
print the number of coins
move 2 
print the number of coins
move 3 
print the number of coins

----
67
syntax error
move 1
print number in coins
----
68
syntax error
move 1 
print the number of coins
move 2 
print the number of coins
move 3
print the number of coins
----
69
syntax error
move 1
print number of coins
move 2 
print number of coins
move 3
print number of coins
sumbit
----
70
syntax error
move 3 steps
print number of coins
----
71
syntax error
move 3 steps
print number of coins
----
72
syntax error
move 1
print number of coins
move 2 
print number of coins
move 3 
print number of coins 
sumbit 10
----
73
syntax error
move 1
print number of coins
move 2 
print number of coins
move 3 
print number of coins 
sumbit 10
----
74
syntax error
move 1
print number of coins
move 2
print number of coin
----
75
syntax error
move 1
print number of coins
move 2
print number of coin
----
76
syntax error
move 1
print number of coins 
move 2
print number of coins 
move 3
print number of coin 




----
77
syntax error
move 1
print number of coins 
move 2
print number of coins 
move 3
print number of coin 




----
78
syntax error
turn lift
move 3
turn right
move 4
turn lift
move 4
turn lift
----
79
syntax error
turn lift
move 3
turn right
move 4
turn lift
move 4
turn lift
----
80
syntax error
move 3 
trun right
move 3 
trun right
----
81
syntax error
x is 10 
print x
move 2 
x is x + number of coind
----
82
syntax error
move 1
x is number of coins 
print x
move 2
x is number of coins 
print x
move 3
x is the number of coins 
print x
move 1

----
83
syntax error
Move C1

----
84
syntax error
move 3
y is number of coins 
print x
move 2
turn right 
move 1
----
85
syntax error
sumbit 20



----
86
syntax error
move 3
y is number of coins 
print x
----
87
syntax error
x is number of coins
turn left
move 3
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 2
turn right
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 2
turn right
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 2
turn left
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x
turn right
move 2
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 2
turn right
move 5
turn right
move 4
turn right
move 1
turn left
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x
turn right
turn right
move 1
sumbit x



----
88
syntax error
move 1 
x is number of coins
print x
move 2
Z is Z+x number of coins
print z
move 3
y is y+Z number of coins
print y
move 1
turn right
submit y

----
89
syntax error
move 1 
x is number of coins
print x
move 2
Z is Z+x number of coins
print z
move 3
y is y+Z number of coins
print y
move 1
turn right
submit y

----
90
syntax error
Move 1
----
91
syntax error
move 1 
x is number of coins
print x
move 2
x is x+x number of coins
print z
move 3
x is x+x number of coins
print x
move 1
turn right
submit x

----
92
syntax error
move 1
x is number of coins 
print x
move 2
x is number of coins 
print x
move 3
x is the number of coins 
print x
move 1

----
93
syntax error
print "the shorter path home"
turn left
move 3 
C1 is the number of coins
print C1
move 2
turn right
move 1 
C1 is C1+number of coins
print C1
move 3 
print "I got ", C1"coins today"
----
94
syntax error
turn left
move 3
C1 is number of coins
print C1
move 2
turn right
C1+ number of coins
print C1
move 3




----
95
syntax error
print "the shorter path home"
turn left
move 3 
C1 is the number of coins
print C1
move 2
turn right
move 1 
C1 is C1+number of coins
print C1
move 3 
print "I got ", C1"coins today"
----
96
syntax error
Print C1

----
97
syntax error
print "the shorter path home"
turn left
move 3 
C1 is the number of coins
print C1
move 2
turn right
move 1 
C1 is C1+number of coins
print C1
move 3 
----
98
syntax error
Turn left 

----
99
unexpected error
move 1
print number of coins
move 2 
print number of coins
move 3 
print number of coins

----
100
syntax error
print "the shorter path home"
turn left
move 3 
x is the number of coins
print x
move 2
turn right
move 1 
x is x+number of coins
print x
move 3 
----
101
syntax error
turn left
move 3
x is number of coins
print x
move 2
turn right
x number of coins
print x
move 3




----
102
syntax error
Print C


----
103
syntax error
move 1 
x is number of coins
print x
move 2
x is x+x number of coins
print x
move 3
x is x+x number of coins
print x
move 1
turn right
submit x

----
104
syntax error
print "the shorter path home"
turn left
move 3 
x is number of coins
print x
move 2
turn right
move 1 
x is x+number of coins
print x
move 3 
print "i got",x"coins today"
----
105
syntax error
Move 2



----
106
syntax error
trun left 
move 2 
trun right 
 sumbit 
 
----
107
syntax error
turn left 
move 2 
turn right 
move 2
 sumbit 
 
----
108
syntax error
print x
x+number of coins


----
109
syntax error
move 3
y is number of coins 
print y
move 1
y is y+ number of coins 
print y
turn left
move 1 
y is y+ number of coins 
print y
move 1
turn left
move 1
turn right 
move 3
y is y+number of coins
print y
turn right
move 1
submit x



----
110
syntax error
turn left 
move 2 
turn right 
move 2
 sumbit 
 
----
111
syntax error
TURN LEFT
MOVE 2
TURN RIGHT
MOVE 2 
SUBMIT

----
112
syntax error
turn left
move 3
x is number of coins 
print x
move 2
turn right
move 1
x is number of cions 
print x
move 3


----
113
syntax error
turn left
move 3
x is number of coins 
print x
move 2
turn right
move 1
x is number of cions 
print x
move 3


----
114
syntax error
turn left 
move 2 
turn right 
move 2
 sumbit 
 
----
115
syntax error
move 2 
c1 is number of coins 
move 2 
c1 is cl +number of coins 
turn left 
move 1 
c1 is cl +number of coins 
move 1 
turn right 


----
116
syntax error
move 2 
c1 is number of coins 
move 2 
c1 is cl +number of coins 
turn left 
move 1 
c1 is cl +number of coins 
move 1 
turn right 


----
117
syntax error
turn left
move 5
x is number of coins 
print x
turn right
move 4
xis x+number of coins \
print x
submit x



----
118
syntax error
move 2
move 2
turn left 
move 1
turn up

----
119
syntax error
print "the shorter path home"
turn left
move 3 
C1 is number of coins
print C1
move 2
turn right
move 1 
C1 is C1+number of coins
print C1
move 3 
turn right
move 1
C2 is number of coins
print C2
turn right
move 1 
C2 is C2+number of coins
turn left
move 2
turn left
move 1
turn right
move 1
C2 is C2+number of coins
print C2
move 1
C2 is C2+number of coins
print C2
turn right
move 2
C2 is C2 + number of coins
print C2 
C1-C2 is C3
print C3
submit C3

----
120
syntax error
x is number of coins
turn left
move 3
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 2
turn right
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 2
turn right
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 2
turn left
move 1
turn right
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x
turn right
move 2
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 2
turn right
move 5

turn right
move 3
turn right
move 1
turn left
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x 
turn left
move 1
submit (x)

----
121
syntax error
x is number of coins
turn left
move 3
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 2
turn right
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 2
turn right
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 2
turn left
move 1
turn right
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x
turn right
move 2
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 2
turn right
move 5

turn right
move 3
turn right
move 1
turn left
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x 
turn left
move 1
submit (x)

----
122
syntax error
x is number of coins
turn left
move 3
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 2
turn right
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 2
turn right
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 2
turn left
move 1
turn right
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x
turn right
move 2
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 2
turn right
move 5

turn right
move 3
turn right
move 1
turn left
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x 
turn left
move 1
submit (x)

----
123
syntax error
move 1
tuen lift
move 4
turn lift
move 1
turn lift
move 4
turn lift
move 1


----
124
syntax error
move 1
tuen lift
move 4
turn lift
move 1
turn lift
move 4
turn lift
move 1


----
125
syntax error
move 1
turn lift




----
126
syntax error
move 1
turn lift




----
127
syntax error
move 2 
x is number of coins 
print x
move 2
x + number of coins
print x
move 1 
x + number of coins
print x
move 2
x + number of coins
print x
move 1
x + number of coins
print x
move 2
x + number of coins
print x
move 
----
128
syntax error
move 2 
x is number of coins 
print x
move 2
x + number of coins
print x
move 1 
x + number of coins
print x
move 2
x + number of coins
print x
move 1

----
129
syntax error
move 2 
x is number of coins 
print x
move 2
x + number of coins
print x
move 1 
x + number of coins
print x
move 2
x + number of coins
print x
move 1

----
130
syntax error
turn left 
move 3
turn right
move 4
turn left
move 3
turn right
2




----
131
syntax error
move 4
x is number of coins 
print x
turn right 
move 2
x is x+number of coins
print x
turn right
move 2
x is x+number of coins
print x
move 1
turn left
move 1 
x is x+number of coins
print x
print (' I have 4 friends')
print (' So each of them will get'))
print x/4
print ('coins each')

----
132
syntax error
move 4
x is number of coins 
print x
turn right 
move 2
x is x+number of coins
print x
turn right
move 2
x is x+number of coins
print x
move 1
turn left
move 1 
x is x+number of coins
print x
2x is x/4
print 2x

----
133
syntax error
move 4
x is number of coins 
print x
turn right 
move 2
x is x+number of coins
print x
turn right
move 2
x is x+number of coins
print x
move 1
turn left
move 1 
x is x+number of coins
print x
2x is x/4
print 2x

----
134
syntax error
move 1
turn 




----
135
syntax error
move 2 
x is number of coins
print x
move 2
x is x + number of coins
print x
turn left 
move 1
x is x + nuber of coins
----
136
syntax error
move 2 
x is number of coins
print x
move 2
x is x + number of coins
print x
turn left 
move 1
x is x + nuber of coins
----
137
syntax error
move 2 
x is number of coins
print x
move 2
x is x + number of coins
print x
turn left 
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 1
turn left
move 1 
turn right
move 2
x is x + number of coins 
print x
turn right 
move 1 
x is x + number of  coins
turn back 

----
138
syntax error
move 2 
x is number of coins
print x
move 2
x is x + number of coins
print x
turn left 
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 1
turn left
move 1 
turn right
move 2
x is x + number of coins 
print x
turn right 
move 1 
x is x + number of  coins
print 

----
139
syntax error
move 2 
x is number of coins
print x
move 2
x is x + number of coins
print x
turn left 
move 1
x is x + number of coins
print x
move 1
turn left
move 1 
turn right
move 2
x is x + number of coins 
print x
turn right 
move 1 
x is x + number of  coins
print x
turn right
turn right 
move 1
turn right
move 1 
turn move


----
140
syntax error
turn left
move 3 
x is the number of coins
print x
move 2 
turn right
move 1
x is the number of coins
print x
move 3 

----
141
syntax error
turn left
move 3 
x is the number of coins
print 
move 2 
turn right
move 1
x is the number of coins
print 
move 3 

----
142
syntax error
move 1 
restart

----
143
syntax error
turn left
move 3
x is the number of coins
count x
move 2
turn right
move 1
x is the number of coins
count x
move 3
----
144
syntax error
turn left
move 3
x is the number of coins
count x
move 2
turn right
move 1
x is the number of coins
count x
move 3
----
145
syntax error
turn left
move 3
x is the number of coins
count x
move 2
turn right
move 1
x is the number of coins
count x
move 3
----
146
syntax error
move 4
 bag 1 =number of coins
 move 2 
 bag2 + number of coins
 turn 
----
147
syntax error
move 4
x = number of coins
print x
turn right
move 2
x = x+number of coins
print x
turn right
move 2 
x = x+number of coins
print x
move 1 
turn left
move 1 
x = x+number of coins
print x
2x = x/2
print 2x
submit 2x
----
148
syntax error
move 4
bag 1 =number of coins
move 2 
bag2 + number of coins
turn 
----
149
syntax error
bag 1 = number of coins

----
150
syntax error
turn left
move 3
x is number of coins
count x
move 2
turn right
move 1
x is  number of coins
count x
move 3
----
151
syntax error
bag 1 = number of coins
bag 2 = number of coins
bag 3 = number of couins
----
152
syntax error
turn left
move 3
x is number of coins
count x
move 2
turn right
move 1
x is number of coins
count x
move 3
----
153
syntax error
move 4
bag 1 + number of coins
turn right
bag2 + number of coins
turn 
----
154
syntax error
move 4
bag1 = number of coins
turn right
move 2
bag2 = number of coins
turn left
move 2
bag3 = number of coins
turn left
move 1
turn right
move 1 
bag4
----
155
syntax error
move 4
bag1 = number of coins
turn right
bag 2 = number of coins
turn left
move 2
bag 3 = number of coins
move 1
turn left move 1 
bag 4 = number of coins
submit bag1 + bag 2 + bag  3 +  bag  4
----
156
syntax error
move 4
bag1 = number of coins
turn right
move 2
bag2 = number of coins
turn right 
move 2
bag3 = number of coins
turn left
move 1
turn right
move 1
bag4 = number of coins
submit bag1 + bag2 + bag3 +  bag44
----
157
syntax error
move 4
bag1= number of coins
turn right
move 2
bag2=number of coins
turn right
move 2
bag3=number of coins
move 1
turn left
bag4= number of coins 
submit bag1 bag2 bag3 bag4

----
158
syntax error
move 4
b1 = Number of coins
turn right
move 2
b2 = Number of coins
turn right
move 2
b3 = Number of coins



submit b1+b2+b3

----
159
syntax error
move 4
bag1 = number of coins
turn right
move 2
bag2 = number of coins
turn right 
move 2
bag3 = number of coins
turn left
move 1
turn right
move 1
bag4 = number of coins
submit bag1 + bag2 + bag3 +  bag44
----
160
syntax error
move 4
b1 = Number of coins
turn right
move 2
b2 = Number of coins
turn right
move 2
b3 = Number of coins
submit b1+b2+b3
----
161
syntax error
move 4 
bag1 = number of coins
turn left
move 2
turn right 
bag2 = number of coins 
turn left 
move 2 
bag 3 = number of coins 
move 1
turn left
move 1 
bag 4 = number of coins
submit = bag1 + bag2 +  bag3  + bag4
----
162
syntax error
move 4
bag1 = number of coins
turn right
move 2
bag2 = number of coins
turn left
move 2
bag3 = number of coins
turn left
move 1
turn right
move 1 
bag4
print bag1 + bag2 + bag3+ bag4 
----
163
syntax error
move 4 
bag1 = number of coins
turn left
move 2
turn right 
bag2 = number of coins 
turn left 
move 2 
bag 3 = number of coins 
move 1
turn left
move 1 
bag 4 = number of coins
submit = bag1 + bag2 +  bag3  + bag44
----
164
syntax error
bag1=number of coins
move4
turn right
move 2
bag 2= number of coins
turn right
move 2
bag 3=number of coins
move 1
turn left
move 1
bag 4= number of coins
----
165
syntax error
move 4 
bag1 = number of coins
turn left
move 2
turn right 
bag2 = number of coins 
turn left 
move 2 
bag 3 = number of coins 
move 1
turn left
move 1 
bag 4 = number of coins
submit bag1 + bag2 +  bag3  + bag44
----
166
syntax error
move 4
bag1 = number of coins
turn right
move 2
bag2 = number of coins
turn left
move 2
bag3 = number of coins
turn left
move 1
turn right
move 1 
bag4
submit bag1+bag2+bag3+bag4 
----
167
syntax error
move 4 
bag1 = number of coins
turn left
move 2
turn right 
bag2 = number of coins 
turn left 
move 2 
bag 3 = number of coins 
move 1
turn left
move 1 
bag 4 = number of coins
submit bag1 + bag2 +  bag3  + bag44
----
168
syntax error
move 4 
bag1 = number of coins
turn left
move 2
turn right 
bag2 = number of coins 
turn left 
move 2 
bag 3 = number of coins 
move 1
turn left
move 1 
bag 4 = number of coins
submit bag1 + bag2 +  bag3  + bag44
----
169
syntax error
move 4
bag1 = number of coins
turn right
move 2
bag2 = number of coins
turn left
move 2
bag3 = number of coins
turn left
move 1
turn right
move 1 
bag4
submitbag1+bag2+bag3+bag4 
----
170
syntax error
move 4
bag 1 = number of coins
turn right
move 2
bag 2 = number of coins
turn right
move 3
bag 3 = number of coins
turn left
move 2
bag 4 = number of coins
submit(bag 1 + bag 2 + bag 3 +  bag 44 b
----
171
syntax error
move 3
x is number of coins
print x
move 2
x is number of coins
print x
turn left
move 1
x is the number of coins
print x
turn right 
move 1
turn left 
move 2
x is number of coins
print x

----
172
syntax error
move 3
x is number of coins
print x
move 2
x is number of coins
print x
turn left
move 1
x is the number of coins
print x
turn right 
move 1
turn left 
move 2
x is number of coins
print x

----
173
syntax error

move4
bag1=number of coins
turn right
move 2
bag 2= number of coins
turn right
move 2
bag 3=number of coins
move 1
turn left
move 1
bag 4= number of coins
----
174
syntax error
move 4
bag 1 = number of coins
turn right
move 2
bag 2 = number of coins
turn right
move 3
bag 3 = number of coins
turn left
move 2
bag 4 = number of coins
submit(bag 1 + bag 2 + bag 3 +  bag 44 b
----
175
syntax error
move 4
bag 1 = number of coins
turn right
move 2
bag 2 = number of coins
turn right
move 3
bag 3 = number of coins
turn left
move 2
bag 4 = number of coins
submit(bag 1 + bag 2 + bag 3 +  bag 44 b
----
176
syntax error
move 3
x is number of coins
print x
move 2
x is number of coins
print x
turn left
move 1
x is the number of coins
print x
turn right 
move 1
turn left 
move 2
x is number of coins
print x

----
177
syntax error
move 2
x is number of coins
print x
move 2
x is number of coins
print x
turn left
move 1
x is the number of coins
print x
turn right 
move 1
turn left 
move 2
x is number of coins
print x

----
178
syntax error
move 4
x is number of coins
print x
x is x+number of coins
turn right
move 2
x is number of coins
print x
x is x+number of coins
turn right
move 2
x is x+number of coins
print x
move 1
x is number of coins
print x
x is x+number of coins
turn left
move 1
submit bag1+bag2+bag3+bag4
----
179
syntax error
move move 4
bag 1 = number of coins
turn right
move 2
bag 2 = number of coins
turn right
move 3
bag 3 = number of coins
turn left
move 2
bag 4 = number of coins
submit(bag 1 + bag 2 + bag 3 +  bag 44 b
----
180
syntax error
move 4 
bag1 = number of coins
turn left
bag2 = number of coins 
turn left 
move 2 
bag3 = number of coins 
move 1
turn left
move 1 
bag4 = number of coins
submit bag1 + bag2 +  bag3  + bag44
----
181
unexpected error
move 4
bag1 = number of coins
turn left
move 2
bag2 = number of coins
turn right
move 3
bag3 = number of coins
turn left
move 2
bag4 = number of coins
submit(bag1 + bag2 + bag3+  bag4
----
182
unexpected error
move 4
bag1 = number of coins
turn left
move 2
bag2 = number of coins
turn right
move 3
bag3 = number of coins
turn left
move 2
bag4 = number of coins
submit bag1 + bag2 + bag3+  bag4
----
183
syntax error
[17:43] Akanksha Mishra
move4
bag1=number of coins
turn right
move 2
bag2=number of coins
turn right
move 2
bag3=number of coins
move 1
turn left
bag4= number of coins
submit bag1+bag2+bag3+bag4

[17:43] Akanksha Mishra
sir this is working




----
184
unexpected error
move 1
x is number of coins
print x
move 2
x is number of coins 
print x
move 2
x is number of coins
print x
----
185
unexpected error
move 3
x is number of coins
print x



move 2
x is number of coins
print x
----
186
unexpected error

move 5
x is number of coins
print x
----
187
unexpected error
move 1
x is number of coins 
move 2
y is number of conins
move 2 
z is number of coins
----
188
unexpected error
move 1
x = number of coins
move 2 
y = number of coins
move 2
z = number of coins
----
189
unexpected error
move 1 
x is number of coins 
move 2 
y is number of coins
move 2
z is number of coins 
submit x+y+z
----
190
syntax error
move 1
x=number of coins
print number of coins
move 2
y=number of coins
print number of coins
move 2
z=number of coins
print number of coins
h=x+y+z
print h
if h==5
true
elif
false


----
191
syntax error
move 1
x=number of coins
print number of coins
move 2
y=number of coins
print number of coins
move 2
z=number of coins
print number of coins
h=x+y+z
print h
if h==5
print true



----
192
unexpected error
move 1 
x = number of coins 
move 2 
y = number of coins
move 2
z = number of coins 
submit x+y+z
----
193
unexpected error
move 1
x is number of coins
move 2
y is number of coins
move 3
z is number of coins
r = x + y +  z
submit r
----
194
unexpected error
move 1
x=number of coins
print number of coins
move 2
y=number of coins
print number of coins
move 2
z=number of coins
print number of coins
h=x+y+z
print h




----
195
unexpected error
move 1
x=number of coins
print number of coins
move 2
y=number of coins
print number of coins
move 2
z=number of coins
print number of coins
h=x+y+z
print h




----
196
syntax error
turn left
move 3
x is number of coins
print x
turn right
move 1
turn left
move 1
x is number of coins
print x
move 1
x is number of coins
pritn x
move 1



----
197
syntax error
turn left
move 3
x is number of coins
print x
turn right
move 1
turn left
move 1
x is number of coins
print x
move 1
x is number of coins
pritn x
move 1



----
198
syntax error
turn left
move 3
x is number of coins
print x
turn right
move 1
turn left
move 1
x is number of coins
print x
move 1
x is number of coins
pritn x
move 1



----
199
syntax error
move 2
x is number of coins
turn left 
move 1
turn left
move 1
y is number of coins
turn right 
move 1 
z is number of coins 
move 1 
turn left 
move 1 
a is number of coins
print x+y+z+a
submit answer lesser than 30



----
200
syntax error
move 2
x is number of coins
turn left
move 1
turn left 
move 1 
x is x+number of coins
turn right
move 1
x is x+number of coins
move 1
turn left 
move 1
x is x=number of coins 
print x 
submit answer < 30
----
201
syntax error
move 2
x is number of coins
turn left 
move 1
turn left
move 1
y is number of coins
turn right 
move 1 
z is number of coins 
move 1 
turn left 
move 1 
a is number of coins
print x+y+z+a
submit answer < 30



----
202
syntax error
move 2
x is number of coins
turn left
move 1
turn left 
move 1 
x is x+number of coins
turn right
move 1
x is x+number of coins
move 1
turn left 
move 1
x is x+number of coins 
print x 
submit answer < 30
----
203
syntax error
move 2
x is number of coins
turn left 
move 1
turn left
move 1
y is number of coins
turn right 
move 1 
z is number of coins 
move 1 
turn left 
move 1 
a is number of coins
print x+y+z+a
submit answer = 1 < 30



----
204
syntax error
move 2
x is number of coins
turn left 
move 1
turn left
move 1
y is number of coins
turn right 
move 1 
z is number of coins 
move 1 
turn left 
move 1 
a is number of coin
submit x+y+z+a < 30




----
205
syntax error
move 2
x is number of coins
turn left 
move 1
turn left
move 1
y is number of coins
turn right 
move 1 
z is number of coins 
move 1 
turn left 
move 1 
a is number of coin
submit x+y+z+a < 30




----
206
syntax error
move 2
x is number of coins
turn left 
move 1
turn left
move 1
y is number of coins
turn right 
move 1 
z is number of coins 
move 1 
turn left 
move 1 
a is number of coin
submit < 30



----
207
syntax error
move 2
x is number of coins
turn left
move 1
turn left
move 1
y is number of coins
turn right
move 1
z is number of coins
move 1
turn left
move 1
a is number of coins
print xyza




----
208
syntax error
turn left
move 3
x is number of coins
print x
x is x+number of coins
turn right
move 1
x is number of coins
print x
x is x+number of coins
turn right
move 1
x is x+number of coins
print x
move 1
x is number of coins
print x
x is x+number of coins
move 1
turn right
x is number of coins
print x
x is x+number of coins
submit x+y+z+a<30
----
209
syntax error
move 2
x is number of coins
turn left 
move 1
turn left
move 1
y is number of coins
turn right 
move 1 
z is number of coins 
move 1 
turn left 
move 1 
submit total sum < 30
----
210
syntax error
turn left
move 3
x is number of coins
print x
x is x+number of coins
turn right
move 1
x is number of coins
print x
x is x+number of coins
turn right
move 1
x is x+number of coins
print x
move 1
x is number of coins
print x
x is x+number of coins
move 1
turn left
x is number of coins
print x
x is x+number of coins
submit x+y+z+a<30
----
211
syntax error
move(2)
x=get_number_of_coins()
turn()
move(1)
turn()
move(1)
y=get_number_of_coins()
turn('right')
move(1)
z=get_number_of_coins()
move(1)
turn()
move(1)
a=get_number_of_coins()
print_value(x+y+z+a)
submit(answer<30)
----
212
syntax error
move 3
turn right
move 3
turn right
move 3 
turn right
move 2
turn

----
213
syntax error
turn left
move 3
x is number of coins
print number of coins
turn right
move 1
turn right
y is number of coins
print number of coins
move 1
z is number of coins
move 1
turn left
move 1
turn right
move 1
n is number of coins
print number of coins
h=x+y+z+n
print h
print total sum h<=30

----
214
syntax error
turn left
move 3
x is number of coins
print number of coins
turn right
move 1
turn right
y is number of coins
print number of coins
move 1
z is number of coins
move 1
turn left
move 1
turn right
move 1
n is number of coins
print number of coins
h=x+y+z+n
print h
print total sum h<=30

----
215
syntax error
turn left
move 3
x is number of coins
print number of coins
turn right
move 1
turn right
y is number of coins
print number of coins
move 1
z is number of coins
move 1
turn left
move 1
turn right
move 1
n is number of coins
print number of coins
h=x+y+z+n
print h
print total sum h<=30

----
216
syntax error
turn left
move 1
bag1 = number of coins
move 2
turn right
move 1
bag2 = number of coins
move 2
turn right
move 1
bag3 = number of coins
turn right
move 1
turn left 
move 1
bag4 = number of coins
sum = bag1+bag2+bag3+bag4
submit sum=10coins
----
217
syntax error
turn





----
218
syntax error
turn





----
219
syntax error
turn()
move '1'





----
220
syntax error
turn()
move(1)
move(2)
turn(left)





----
221
syntax error
move 2
x is number of coins
turn left
move 1
turn left
move 1
y is  number of coins
turn right
move 1
z is number of coins
move 1
submit x+y+z+a




----
222
syntax error
move 2
x is number of coins
turn left
move 1
turn left
move 1
y is  number of coins
turn right
move 1
z is number of coins
move 1
turn left
move 1
a is number of coins
submit d= x+y+z+a
if d<30




----
223
syntax error
move 2
x is number of coins
turn left
move 1
turn left
move 1
y is  number of coins
turn right
move 1
z is number of coins
move 1
turn left
move 1
a is number of coins
submit d= x+y+z+a




----
224
syntax error
move 2
x is number of coins
turn left
move 1
turn left
move 1
y is  number of coins
turn right
move 1
z is number of coins
move 1
turn left
move 1
a is number of coins
submit x+y+z+a
d=x+y+z+a
if d<30
true



----
225
syntax error
turn left
move 1
x is the number of coins
print x
move 2
turn right 
move 1
x is x+number of coins
print x
move 1
turn right
move 2
x is x+number of coins print x

----
226
syntax error
move 1
x is numbr of coins
print x
----
227
syntax error
move 1
x is numbr of coins
----
228
syntax error
move 1
bag1 is number of coins
print bag1
move 2
bag2 is number of coins
print bag2
move 2
bag3 is number of coins
print bag3
submit bag+bag2+bag3


----
229
syntax error
turn left
move 3
bag1=number of coins
move 2
turn right
move 1
bag2=number of coins
move 3
C1=bag1+bag2
turn right
turn right
move 4
turn left
move 5
turn left
move 2
bag3=number of coins
move 2
bag4=number of coins
turn left
move 1 
bag5=number of coins
move 1
turn left
move 1
turn right
move 2
bag6=number of coins
turn right
move 1
bag7=number of coins
turn left
move1
C2=bag4+bag5+bag6+bag7+bag8
ans=C2-C1
submit ans

----
230
syntax error
turn left
move 4
color
----
231
syntax error
turn left
move 4
colour
----
232
syntax error
turn left
move 4
house1=blue
----
233
syntax error
move
turn right
move
turn down

----
234
syntax error
move 3
turn rigth
move 3
turn rigth
move 3
turn rigth
move 3
sumbit

----
235
syntax error
move 3
turn rigth
move 3
turn rigth
move 3
turn rigth
move 3
sumbit
----
236
syntax error
turn left
move 4
turn right
move 3
turn right
move 4
move back 1
----
237
syntax error
turn left
move 4
turn right
move 3
turn right
move 4
back 1
----
238
syntax error
while every bag count
----
239
syntax error
while every bag count:
----
240
syntax error
while move 7
collect bags
----
241
syntax error
while hehhe
move 1
bag1 is number of coins
move 2
bag2 is number of coins
move 3
bag3 is number of coins
break:

----
242
syntax error
while hehhe
move 1
bag1 is number of coins
move 2
bag2 is number of coins
move 2
bag3 is number of coins
break:

----
243
syntax error
while jg:
move 1
x is the number of coins
print number of coins
move 2
y is number of coins
print number of coins
move 3
z is number of coins
print number of coins
u=x+y+z
print u
break

----
244
unexpected error
while true:
move 1
----
245
syntax error
while true:
move 1
x = number of count of grid
----
246
syntax error
while jg:
move 1
x is the number of coins
print number of coins
move 2
y is number of coins
print number of coins
move 3
z is number of coins
print number of coins
u=x+y+z
print u


----
247
syntax error
while true
   move 7
   
----
248
unexpected error
while true :
move 1
----
249
syntax error
while jg:
move 1
x is the number of coins
print number of coins
move 2
y is number of coins
print number of coins
move 3
z is number of coins
print number of coins
u=x+y+z
print u


----
250
unexpected error
while true:
move1
----
251
syntax error
while every bag count:
move 2 
----
252
unexpected error
while true:
move 1
----
253
syntax error
while true
  move
  
   
----
254
syntax error
while true:
move 1
x = number of count of coins
move 2
x = number of count of coins
move 3
x = number of count of coins
break 
----
255
syntax error
b=12
a=90
while b<a:
move 1
x is the number of coins
print number of coins
move 2
y is number of coins
print number of coins
move 3
z is number of coins
print number of coins
u=x+z+y
print u


----
256
syntax error
while counter
 move 1
 counter = counter + 1
----
257
syntax error
counter = 0
total = 0

while counter >7
 move 1
 counter = counter + 1
----
258
unexpected error
counter = 0
x = 0
while counter < 7
      move 1
      counter = counter+1
      total = total + number of coins
print total 
submit total
----
259
syntax error
counter = 0
x = 0
while counter < 7:
      move 1
      counter = counter+1
      total =  total + number of coins
print total 
submit total
----
260
syntax error
counter = 0
x = 0
while counter < 7:
      move 1
      counter = counter+1
      total = total + number of coins
print total 
submit total
----
261
syntax error
a = count the number of coins
while : a<7
    move 1 
    a=count the number of coins 
    
----
262
unexpected error
counter = 0
total = 0

while counter > 7:
 move 1
 counter = counter + 1
 total = total + number of coins
print total
submit total
----
263
syntax error
counter = 0
x = 0
while counter < 7:
      move 1
      counter = counter+1
      total = total + number of coins
print total 
submit total
----
264
syntax error
a = 0
while : a<7
    move 1 
    a = a + 1
    
----
265
syntax error
a = 0
while : a<7
    move 1 
    a = a + 1
    
----
266
syntax error
counter = 0
x = 0
while counter < 7
counter = counter + 1
       move 1
x - x
total = total + number of coinss
print total
submit total
----
267
syntax error
counter = 0
x = 0
while counter < 7
counter = counter + 1
       move 1
x - x
total = total + number of coinss
print total
submit total
----
268
syntax error
counter = 0
x = 0
while counter < 7
counter = counter + 1
       move 1
x - x
total = total + number of coinss
print total
submit total
----
269
syntax error
counter = 0
x = 0
while counter < 7
counter = counter + 1
       move 1
total = total + number of coinss
print total
submit total
----
270
syntax error
counter = 0
x = 0
while counter < 7
counter = counter + 1
       move 1
total = total + number of coinss
print total
submit total
----
271
syntax error
counter = 0
x = 0
while counter < 7
counter = counter + 1
       move 1
total = total + number of coinss
print total
submit total
----
272
syntax error
counter = 0
x = 0
while counter < 7
counter = counter + 1
       move 1
total = total + number of coinss
print total
submit total
----
273
unexpected error
counter = 0
total = 0

while counter > 7:
 counter = counter + 1
 move 1
 total = total + number of coins
print total
submit total
----
274
syntax error
while true:
move 1
x = number of coins
move 2
x = number ofcoins
move 3
x = number of coins
break 
----
275
syntax error
b=1
a=8
while b<a:
move 1
x is the number of coins
print number of coins
move 2
y is number of coins
print number of coins
move 3
z is number of coins
print number of coins
u=x+z+y
print u


----
276
syntax error
b=1
a=8
while b<a:
move 1
x is the number of coins
print number of coins
move 2
y is number of coins
print number of coins
move 3
z is number of coins
print number of coins
u= x+z+y
print u


----
277
syntax error
while true: 
    move 1  
   x = number of coins
    move 2
   x = number ofcoins
     move 3
   x = number of coins
     break 
----
278
syntax error
counter = 0
x = 0
while: counter < 7
counter = counter + 1
       move 1
total = total + number of coinss
print total
submit total
----
279
syntax error
counter = 0
x = 0
while counter < 7:
counter = counter + 1
       move 1
total = total + number of coinss
print total
submit total
----
280
syntax error
counter = 0
x = 0
while counter: < 7
counter = counter + 1
       move 1
total = total + number of coinss
print total
submit total
----
281
unexpected error
counter = 0
total = 0
while counter > 7:
 counter = counter + 1
 move 1
 total = total + number of coins
submit total
----
282
unexpected error
counter = 0
total = 0
while counter > 7:
 counter = counter + 1
  move 1
  total = total + number of coins
submit total
----
283
syntax error
counter = 0
x = 0
while counter < 7:
counter = counter + 1
       move 1
total = total + number of coinss
print total
submit total
----
284
syntax error
b=1
a=8
while b<a:
move 1
x is the number of coins
print number of coins
print x


----
285
syntax error
b=1
a=8
while b<a:
move 1
x=number of coins
x is the number of coins
print number of coins
print x


----
286
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
    move 1
    total = total + number of coins
print total
submit no
----
287
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead;
move 1
total = total + number of coins
print total
submit total
----
288
syntax error
total = 0

while not obstacle ahead:

    move 1

    total = total + number of coins

print total

submit total
----
289
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstable ahead
move 1
total=total+number of coins
print total
submit print
----
290
unexpected error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
move 1
total = total + number of coins
print total
submit total
----
291
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:

    move 1

    total = total + number of coins

print total

submit total
----
292
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstable ahead
move 1
total=total+number of coins
print total
submit total
----
293
syntax error
total number of coins= 0
while not obstacle ahead:

    move 1

    total = total + number of coins

print total

submit total
----
294
unexpected error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
move 1
total = total + number of coins
print total
submit total
  
----
295
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:

    move 1

    total = total + number of coins

print total

submit total
----
296
unexpected error
total =0
while not obstacle ahead:
move 1
total = total + number of coins
print total
submit total
  
----
297
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
    move 1
    total = total + number of coins
print total
while total<5
while total>5
submit total
----
298
unexpected error
total = 0
while not obstable ahead
move 1
     total=total+number of coins
      print total
submit total
----
299
unexpected error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
    move 1
    total = total + number of coins
print total
submit total

----
300
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
    move 1
    total = total + number of coins
print total
while total <5
while total >5
submit total
----
301
unexpected error
total =0
while not obstacle ahead:
move 1
total = total+number of coins
print total
submit total
  
----
302
syntax error
a=1
b=6
while a>6:
move 1
skj=number of coins
print skj
if skj=='5'
print yes they are
else:
print no

----
303
unexpected error
total =0
while not obstacle ahead:
move 1
total=total+number of coins
print total
submit total
  
----
304
unexpected error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
move 1
total = total + number of coins
print total
submit total
----
305
unexpected error
total = 0
while not obstable ahead
     move 1
     total=total+number of coins
print total
submit total
----
306
syntax error
a=1
b=6
while a>6:
move 1
skj=number of coins
print skj
if skj=='5'
print yes they are
else:
print no they arent


----
307
unexpected error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
move 1
total = total + number of coins
print total
submit total
  
----
308
syntax error
counter = 0
x = 0
while counter < 5
 counter = counter + 1
 x = x+1
 if x = 5
print yes


----
309
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
    move 1
    total = total + number of coinss -1
print total
submit total
----
310
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
    move 1
    total = total + number of coins
print total
while total number of coins<5
while total number of coins>5
submit total
----
311
unexpected error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
number of coins < 5
    move 1
    total = total + number of coins
print total
submit total
----
312
unexpected error
total = 0
while not obstable ahead
     move 1
     total = total+number of coins
print total
submit total
----
313
syntax error
counter = 0
x = 0
while counter < 5
 counter = counter + 1
 x = x+1
 if x = 5
submit x


----
314
syntax error
counter = 0
while counter < 3:
    move 1
    counter = counter +1
    turn left
    
----
315
syntax error
a=1
b=6
while a>6:
move 1
skj=number of coins
print skj
if skj=='5'
print'yes'
else:
print 'no'



----
316
unexpected error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
number of coins<5
    move 1
    total = total + number of coins
print total
submit total
----
317
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
    move 1
    total = total + number of coins
print total
submit total
while total number of coins<5
while total number of coins>5
----
318
syntax error
counter = 0
x = 0
while counter < 5
 counter = counter + 1
 x = x+1
 submit x


----
319
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
    move 1
    total = total + number of coinss - 1
print total
submit total
----
320
syntax error
a=1
b=6
while a>6:
move 1
skj=number of coins
print skj
if skj==5
print'yes'
else:
print 'no'



----
321
syntax error
:
    move 1
    

----
322
syntax error
counter = 0
while counter < 3:
    move 1
    counter = counter +1
    turn left
    
----
323
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
    move 1
    total = total + number of coins
print total
submit total
while total<5
while total>5
----
324
syntax error
counter = 0
while counter < 3:
    move 3
    counter = counter +1
    turn left
    
----
325
syntax error
counter = 0
while counter < 3:
    move 3
    counter = counter +1
    turn left
    
----
326
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
    move 1
    total = t(otal + number of coins ) 1
print total
submit total
----
327
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:

    move 1

    total = total + number of coins

print total

submit total
----
328
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:

    move 1

    total = total + number of coins

print total

submit total
----
329
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:

    move 1

    total = total + number of coins

print total

submit total
----
330
syntax error

while not obstacle ahead:
    move 3
    
    turn left
    
----
331
unexpected error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
number of coins < 5
    move 1
    total = total + number of coins
print total
submit total
----
332
unexpected error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
number of coins < 5
    move 1
    total = total + number of coins
print total
submit total
----
333
syntax error
while not obstacle ahead:
    move 3
    turn left
    
----
334
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
    move 1
    total = total + number of coins
print total
submit no
----
335
unexpected error
total = 0
while not obstable ahead
     move 1
     total = total+number of coins
print total==5
submit total==5
----
336
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
    move 1
    total = total + number of coins
print total ==t
submit total==5
  
----
337
syntax error
a=1
b=6
while a>6:
move 1
total=5
if total==5
print true
else:
print false
submit total


----
338
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstable ahead
move 1
total = total+number of coins
print total==5
submit total==5
----
339
unexpected error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
move 1
total = total + number of coins
print total == 5
submit total == 5
----
340
unexpected error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
move 1
total = total + number of coins
print total==5


----
341
syntax error
while not obstacle ahead:
    move 3
    turn left
    
----
342
syntax error
total=0
while total<5:
move 1
total=5
if total==5
print true
else:
print false
submit total


----
343
unexpected error
total = 0
while not obstable ahead
     move 1
    total = total+number of coins
print total==5
submit total==5
----
344
unexpected error
total = 0
while not obstable ahead
    move 1
    total = total+number of coins
print total==5
submit total==5
----
345
unexpected error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
move 1
total = total + number of coins
print total ==5
submit total==5
  
----
346
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstable ahead
 move 1
total = total+number of coins
print total==5
submit total==5
----
347
unexpected error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
  move 1
  total = total + number of coins
 print total == 5
submit total == 5
----
348
unexpected error
counter=0
x = number of coins
while not obstacle ahead:
 move 1
 x = x + number of coins
 submit x


----
349
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
   move 1
   total = total + number of coins
 submit == 5

----
350
unexpected error
total=0
while not obstacle:
  move 1
    total = total + number of coins
print total
submit total
----
351
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead
 move 1
 total = total + umber of coins
print total==5
submit total==5
----
352
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead
 move 1
 total = total + umber of coins
print total==5
submit total==5
----
353
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
 move 1
 total = total + umber of coins
print total==5
submit total==5
----
354
unexpected error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
 move 1
 total = total + number of coins
print total==5
submit total==5
----
355
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
    move 1
    total = total + number of coins
prin total == 5
submit false
----
356
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
    move 1
    total = total + number of coins
prin total == 5
submit false
----
357
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
    move 1
    total = total + number of coins
prin total == 5
submit false
----
358
syntax error
total = 0
while not obstacle ahead:
    move 1
    total = total + number of coins
prin total == 5
submit false
----
359
syntax error
print (5)

